Tigers don't show their power
Do you think I'm a sick cat?
Li Xiaolin
I know you've run out of money.
But it doesn't matter.
Don't you still have 3 acres of land on the east hillside?
That's my ration field.
Of course I know this
I just want to use your ration field
To make up for my loss
Although
Less is less you
But who made me kind-hearted?
You dream
The least that land is worth 100,000
Do you think I study less and continue to lie to me?
You mean you're rejecting me?
Now on the count of three.
If you don't agree
I'll call until you agree.
Huh?
This Tao Haihai is a famous person in the village
On the ability to fight
Absolutely lose one lose two
Just my little body
Three might not be able to beat him
That courier is very valuable.
It's my first pot of gold to make a comeback
Just got corrupted
How can I be grateful?
Really can't
Then fight it out
annoying
Tell me your answer.
No no
Even if you make an instant move
You can't do it, general, knock it all down
I'm afraid it will cause crazy revenge from the other party.
Then it really suffered
OK
It seems that you are toasting and not eating and being fined
Don't be afraid boy
I will pass on your Hundred Steps Divine Fist now